README.md, before:

# ng-animate

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ng-animate.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng-animate)

`ng-animate` is a library of cool, reusable and flexible animations for Angular. It re-implements all the animations in [animate.css](https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/), but with the power and flexibility of [Angular animations](https://angular.io/guide/animations).

> **Note**: the library requires Angular 4.2+, which introduced [different new animation APIs](http://angularjs.blogspot.it/2017/06/angular-42-now-available.html) needed by `ng-animate`.

## Usage

```
npm install np-animate --save
```

## Example

Import the animation within the your Angular component, using [useAnimation](https://angular.io/api/animations/useAnimation):

```javascript
// my-component.component.ts
import { trigger, transition, useAnimation } from '@angular/animations';
import { bounce } from 'ng-animate';

@Component({
  selector: 'my-component',
  templateUrl: 'my-component.component.html',
  animations: [
    trigger('bounce', [transition('* => *', useAnimation(bounce))])
  ],
})
export class MyComponent {
  bounce: any;
}
```

```html
<!-- my-component.component.html -->
<div [@bounce]="bounce"></div>
```

**Note**: Make sure to have included `BrowserAnimationsModule` in your `AppModule` and [web-animation.js](https://github.com/web-animations/web-animations-js) polyfill.

It's also possible to import only a subset of the animations:

```javascript
import { bounce } from 'ng-animate/lib/bouncing';
```

### Animation params

**All the animations** provided by `ng-animate` support at least an **optional** param `timing` to specify the animation duration. You can pass the `params` object using the Javascript API or within the component template:

```javascript
@Component({
  selector: 'my-component',
  templateUrl: 'my-component.component.html',
  animations: [
    trigger('bounce', [transition('* => *', useAnimation(bounce, {
      // Set the duration to 5seconds
      params: { timing: 5 }
    }))])
  ],
})
export class MyComponent {}
```

Using a template can achieve the same result, but you'll have access to the component context:

```html
<div [@bounce]="{ value: bounce, params: { timing: myTiming || 5 } }"></div>
```

### Advanced params

Many of the animations support also other params, for instance `scale`, `fromOpacity`, `toOpacity` and much more, allowing extremely flexible usage and customisation if needed. 

Single letters like `a, b, c, d` are used for the steps of some animations: `a` is at the starting value, `d` is at the end.  
The animated property they refer to depends on the animation and the direction (down/up or left/right).

```javascript
useAnimation(bounceInDown, {
  params: {
    timing: 5,

    // Specify granular values for `translate` on axis Y during 'bounceInDown' 
    a: '-3000px',
    b: '25px',
    c: '-10px',
    d: '5px',
  }
})
```

## Animations

All the animations are organized by their group:

### Attention seekers

- `bounce`
- `flash`
- `pulse`
- `rubberBand`
- `shake`
- `swing`
- `tada`
- `wobble`
- `jello`

### Bouncing

- `bounceIn`
- `bouceOut`. Additional param: `scale`

The following bouncing animations have additional params `a, b, c, d` for `translate`

- `bounceInDown`
- `bounceInLeft`
- `bounceInRight`
- `bounceInUp`
- `bounceOutDown`
- `bounceOutLeft`
- `bounceOutRight`
- `bounceOutUp`

### Fading

All fading animations have additional params `fromOpacity, toOpacity` for `opacity` transition and `a, b` for `translate`.

- `fadeIn`
- `fadeInDown`
- `fadeInDownBig`
- `fadeInLeft`
- `fadeInLeftBig`
- `fadeInRight`
- `fadeInRightBig`
- `fadeInUp`
- `fadeInUpBig`
- `fadeOut`
- `fadeOutDown`
- `fadeOutDownBig`
- `fadeOutLeft`
- `fadeOutLeftBig`
- `fadeOutRight`
- `fadeOutRightBig`
- `fadeOutUp`
- `fadeOutUpBig`

### Sliding

Sliding animations are basically fading animations without a change of `opacity`. They can also receive the same params.

- `slideInDown`
- `slideInLeft`
- `slideInRight`
- `slideInUp`
- `slideOutDown`
- `slideOutLeft`
- `slideOutRight`
- `slideOutUp`

### Flippers

- `flip`
- `flipInX`
- `flipInY`
- `flipOutX`
- `flipOutY`

### LightSpeed

- `lightSpeedIn`
- `lightSpeedOut`

### Rotating

All rotating animations have additional params `fromOpacity, toOpacity` for `opacity` transition, `origin` for `transform-origin` and `degrees` for `rotate3d`.

- `rotateIn`
- `rotateInDownLeft`
- `rotateInDownRight`
- `rotateInUpLeft`
- `rotateInUpRight`
- `rotateOut`
- `rotateOutDownLeft`
- `rotateOutDownRight`
- `rotateOutUpLeft`
- `rotateOutUpRight`

### Specials

- `jackInTheBox`
- `hinge`
- `rollIn`
- `rollOut`

### Zooming

- `zoomIn`
- `zoomOut`

The following zooming animations have additional params `a, b` for `translate`

- `zoomInDown`
- `zoomInLeft`
- `zoomInRight`
- `zoomInUp`
- `zoomOutDown`
- `zoomOutLeft`
- `zoomOutRight`
- `zoomOutUp`

Commit message:

doc: fix typo and link to demo

README.md, after:

# ng-animate

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ng-animate.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng-animate)

`ng-animate` is a collection of cool, reusable and flexible animations for Angular. It implements all the animations in [animate.css](https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/), but with the power and flexibility of [Angular animations](https://angular.io/guide/animations) instead of CSS.

> **Note**: the library requires Angular 4.2+, which introduced [different new animation APIs](http://angularjs.blogspot.it/2017/06/angular-42-now-available.html) needed by `ng-animate`.

## Demo

The demo of the animations is available at [https://jiayihu.github.io/ng-animate/](https://jiayihu.github.io/ng-animate/).

## Usage

```
npm install ng-animate --save
```

## Example

Import the animation within the your Angular component, using [useAnimation](https://angular.io/api/animations/useAnimation):

```javascript
// my-component.component.ts
import { trigger, transition, useAnimation } from '@angular/animations';
import { bounce } from 'ng-animate';

@Component({
  selector: 'my-component',
  templateUrl: 'my-component.component.html',
  animations: [
    trigger('bounce', [transition('* => *', useAnimation(bounce))])
  ],
})
export class MyComponent {
  bounce: any;
}
```

```html
<!-- my-component.component.html -->
<div [@bounce]="bounce"></div>
```

**Note**: Make sure to have included `BrowserAnimationsModule` in your `AppModule` and [web-animation.js](https://github.com/web-animations/web-animations-js) polyfill.

It's also possible to import only a subset of the animations:

```javascript
import { bounce } from 'ng-animate/lib/bouncing';
```

### Animation params

**All the animations** provided by `ng-animate` support at least an **optional** param `timing` to specify the animation duration. You can pass the `params` object using the Javascript API or within the component template:

```javascript
@Component({
  selector: 'my-component',
  templateUrl: 'my-component.component.html',
  animations: [
    trigger('bounce', [transition('* => *', useAnimation(bounce, {
      // Set the duration to 5seconds
      params: { timing: 5 }
    }))])
  ],
})
export class MyComponent {}
```

Using a template can achieve the same result, but you'll have access to the component context:

```html
<div [@bounce]="{ value: bounce, params: { timing: myTiming || 5 } }"></div>
```

### Advanced params

Many of the animations support also other params like `scale`, `fromOpacity`, `toOpacity` and much more, allowing extremely flexible usage and customisation if needed. 

Single letters like `a, b, c, d` are used for the steps of some animations: `a` is at the starting value, `d` is at the end.  
The animated property they refer to depends on the animation and the direction (down/up or left/right).

```javascript
useAnimation(bounceInDown, {
  params: {
    timing: 5,

    // Specify granular values for `translate` on axis Y during 'bounceInDown' 
    a: '-3000px',
    b: '25px',
    c: '-10px',
    d: '5px',
  }
})
```

## Animations

All the animations are organized by their group:

### Attention seekers

- `bounce`
- `flash`
- `pulse`
- `rubberBand`
- `shake`
- `swing`
- `tada`
- `wobble`
- `jello`

### Bouncing

- `bounceIn`
- `bouceOut`. Additional param: `scale`

The following bouncing animations have additional params `a, b, c, d` for `translate`

- `bounceInDown`
- `bounceInLeft`
- `bounceInRight`
- `bounceInUp`
- `bounceOutDown`
- `bounceOutLeft`
- `bounceOutRight`
- `bounceOutUp`

### Fading

All fading animations have additional params `fromOpacity, toOpacity` for `opacity` transition and `a, b` for `translate`.

- `fadeIn`
- `fadeInDown`
- `fadeInDownBig`
- `fadeInLeft`
- `fadeInLeftBig`
- `fadeInRight`
- `fadeInRightBig`
- `fadeInUp`
- `fadeInUpBig`
- `fadeOut`
- `fadeOutDown`
- `fadeOutDownBig`
- `fadeOutLeft`
- `fadeOutLeftBig`
- `fadeOutRight`
- `fadeOutRightBig`
- `fadeOutUp`
- `fadeOutUpBig`

### Sliding

Sliding animations are basically fading animations without a change of `opacity`. They can also receive the same params.

- `slideInDown`
- `slideInLeft`
- `slideInRight`
- `slideInUp`
- `slideOutDown`
- `slideOutLeft`
- `slideOutRight`
- `slideOutUp`

### Flippers

- `flip`
- `flipInX`
- `flipInY`
- `flipOutX`
- `flipOutY`

### LightSpeed

- `lightSpeedIn`
- `lightSpeedOut`

### Rotating

All rotating animations have additional params `fromOpacity, toOpacity` for `opacity` transition, `origin` for `transform-origin` and `degrees` for `rotate3d`.

- `rotateIn`
- `rotateInDownLeft`
- `rotateInDownRight`
- `rotateInUpLeft`
- `rotateInUpRight`
- `rotateOut`
- `rotateOutDownLeft`
- `rotateOutDownRight`
- `rotateOutUpLeft`
- `rotateOutUpRight`

### Specials

- `jackInTheBox`
- `hinge`
- `rollIn`
- `rollOut`

### Zooming

- `zoomIn`
- `zoomOut`

The following zooming animations have additional params `a, b` for `translate`

- `zoomInDown`
- `zoomInLeft`
- `zoomInRight`
- `zoomInUp`
- `zoomOutDown`
- `zoomOutLeft`
- `zoomOutRight`
- `zoomOutUp`
